more than a million people have been
warned to move South after several days
in which the Israeli Defense Forces have
been massing on the border ahead of an
expected ground offensive into Gaza this
in response to last weekend's attacks by
members of Hamas a group designated as a
terror organization by many Western
governments including the UK more than
1300 people died in those attacks and
over a 100 hostages were taken well
there have already been several days of
air strikes on Gaza which officials say
have left around 1,00 Palestinians dead
including 600 children and now the
evacuation order States residents in the
territory should move to the area south
of Wadi Gaza Hamas however says the
order should be ignored claiming its
propaganda the Palestinian ambassador to
the United Nations said tonight it
amounts to ethnic cleansing while the UN
Secretary General has reminded both
sides that even War has rules well we'll
be getting the very latest from across
the region we'll look at the situation
inside Gaza and here from Anna Foster on
the Israel lemonon border but first
here's Jeremy
boen to win a war a country has to break
the will of its enemy to fight history
suggests air strikes alone won't do that
even ones as heavy as Israel's in
Gaza so Israel will have to send troops
into the rubble if as it says it wants
to destroy Hamas telling civilians to
get out is part of preparing the
battlefield leaflets a non-lethal
airdrop but full of Menace told more
than a million people to move
South it happened to our grandfathers
said Muhammad Rocka now it's happening
to
us it raises the ghosts of the
past
many gazans trying to escape Israel's
anger a descendants of almost 1 million
Palestinians who fled or were forced out
of their homes at gunpoint in Israel's
independence war in
1948 Palestinians call it the
catastrophe Hamas sent their answer more
rockets and told people to stay
put at the UN the secretary General told
both sides to protect
civilians even Wars have rules
International humanitarian law and human
rights law must be respected and upheld
civilians must be protected and also
never use the
shields refrigerated containers hold
bodies awaiting identification some of
more than 1,300 Israelis and foreigners
killed by Hamas but Israel says Hamas
will feel its revenge venge not
civilians Palestinians protested in the
West Bank 14 had been shot dead by the
Israeli Army by the evening almost all
the violence between Israelis and
Palestinians before last week's hamasa
salt was in the West Bank it is very
tense and could get much
worse Jerusalem was quiet but not calm
only older Palestinians were allowed to
pray at Al a mosque by Israeli Security
Forces younger men were banned as
potential security
risks the mood in Jerusalem was Grim
full of forboding the holy city is at
the epicenter of the
conflict Palestinians said they feared
that Israel's anger at the Hamas attack
could be directed at them if feels as if
this crisis is going up a again extreme
pressure on civilians in in Gaza tension
here in Jerusalem no one knows where
this is going but it is certain this is
a dangerous moment the worst Middle East
crisis in a
generation until last weekend Israel
believed the long conflict with the
Palestinians could be
contained that illusion has
gone Jeremy boen BBC News
Jerusalem
well tonight the Palestinian United
Nations Envoy appealed to the UN to do
more to stop a crime against humanity as
Israel prepares for a possible ground
assault into Gaza fuel food and water
supplies are running out in the
territory but Israel says it won't lift
its blockade until Hamas frees all the
hostages it seized last Saturday John
donison our former correspondent in Gaza
looks now at life there under siege and
a warning his report report does contain
some distressing
images Israel has now been pounding Gaza
targeting Hamas it says for almost a
week only when the dust
settles does the devastation become
clear our enemies are evil they're
cowards killing children says Muhammad
Abu Ola amid the wreckage of his home
they have no Humanity he goes
on few jobs are more challenging here
than that of a first
responder under all this somebody is
alive for
now for three days he says I didn't go
home but it never
stops for some it's all too much and
these paramedics are working while Under
Fire
he says he's just heard a colleague was
killed while trying to save others it's
the fourth that
day but they can't stop
working and for gaza's
doctors the stream of casualties is
Relentless inside the hospital in the
town of Rafa I want my daddy she
cries well then if 5% of injuries are
among women and the children and when I
say children I mean children we are
dealing with sophist So
Sophisticated kinds of trauma and which
we couldn't see ever
before and for many the injuries are too
severe it's a massacre says this father
leaving the hospital with his father
5-year-old daughter dead in his arms
John donison BBC News